Docs: resource group modifications (#16321)
greenplum-db/gpdb: gpdb-doc/markdown/ref_guide/sql_commands/ALTER_RESOURCE_GROUP.html.md

where group_attribute is one of:

```
[ CONCURRENCY=<integer> ]
CPU_MAX_PERCENT=<integer> | CPUSET=<coordinator_cores>;<segment_cores>
[ CPU_WEIGHT=<integer> ]

> [IO_LIMIT='<tablespace_name_1>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_name_2>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_oid_3>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ IO_LIMIT=' <tablespace_io_limit_spec> [; ...] ' ]

Where  <tablespace_io_limit_spec> is:
<tablespace_name> | <oid> : <io_limit_option_spec> [, ...]

Where <io_limit_option_spec> is:
wbps=<io_limit_option_value>
| rbps=<io_limit_option_value>
| wiops=<io_limit_option_value>
| riops=<io_limit_option_value>

Where <io_limit_option_vlaue> is:
<integer> | max
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with @xinzweb,  please update

:   > **Note** You can configure `CPUSET` for a resource group only after you have enabled resource group-based resource management for your Greenplum Database cluster.

> [IO_LIMIT='<tablespace_name_1>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_name_2>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_oid_3>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>']

Reviewer: maybe we can adjust this piece accordingly based on the above rewrite?

:   Optional. The maximum read/write sequential disk I/O throughput, and the maximum read/write I/O operations per second for the queries assigned to a specific resource group. When you use this parameter, you may speficy:

    - The tablespace name or the tablespace object ID (OID) you set the limits for. Use `*` to set limits for all tablespaces.

>     - The values for `rpbs` and `wpbs` to limit the maximum read and write sequential disk I/O throughput in the resource group, in MB/S. The default value is `max`, which means there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The values for `rbps` and `wbps` to limit the maximum read and write sequential disk I/O throughput in the resource group, in MB/S. The default value is `max`, which means there is no limit.
```

ALTER RESOURCE GROUP rgroup5 SET CPUSET '1;1';
```

> Set disk I/O limits for tablespaces `tablespace1` and a tablespace with oid 1663:

Reviewer: why do we need an oid 1663 here?

Reviewer 2: Not "and", but "or"
=======================
 tablespace or oid

Reviewer 2: This is a example of setting disk I/O limits for tablespaces and a tablespace oid. These two sentence have the same meaning:

- ALTER RESOURCE GROUP admin_group SET IO_LIMIT 'tablespace1:wbps=2000,wiops=2000;1663:rbps=2024,riops=2024';
- ALTER RESOURCE GROUP admin_group SET IO_LIMIT '1663:wbps=2000,wiops=2000;1663:rbps=2024,riops=2024';

Author: it's an example to show that we can either specify a tablespace by name or oid

Reviewer: Aha, I saw it. It's hidden inside the later part of the example. Thanks.
